- * AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
- * AH AH AH AH
- * A SUPERSTAR
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
- WHAT WAS THAT?
- YOU WERE OFF-KEY.
- NO! THE SHOCKING FLOOR THING!
- OH, THAT'S MY NEW
STUDIO SHOCK SYSTEM.
IT'S GOING TO HELP ME
TRAIN YOU DOGS
THROUGH NEGATIVE REINFORCEMENT.
THAT WAY, BTR'S SECOND ALBUM
WILL BE EVEN GREATER
THAN THE FIRST.
- THAT IS NOT FAIR!
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
- BACK TALK BAD!
NOW, GRIFFIN WANTS
A NEW SONG TOMORROW,
AND MY SILVER FRIEND HERE
IS GONNA HELP US GET THERE.
all: KELLY!
- GUYS, NORMALLY, I WOULD
TOTALLY OBJECT TO THIS ABUSE.
WE REALLY NEED THAT SONG FAST.
- GUSTAVO, WE KNOW
THE SECOND ALBUM IS IMPORTANT.
- YES, AND WE KNOW THAT
WE HAVE TO WORK OUR BUTTS OFF.
- YEAH, SO TRY TRUSTING US.
- INSTEAD OF SHOCKING US.
- HMM, LET ME THINK ABOUT IT.
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
MORE RHYTHM!
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
- LESS BATHROOM!
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
[toilet flushing]
NO BREAKS!
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
IT'S JUST THE FIRST SETTING.
- PUSH THAT BUTTON
ONE MORE TIME...
- AND WE'LL DO THAT THING
WHERE WORKERS WALK OFF,
HOLD UP SIGNS,
AND CHANT RHYMING DEMANDS.
- STRIKE.
- THAT!
- YEAH.
- OH, WHAT, THIS BUTTON?
THIS LITTLE BUTTON RIGHT HERE?
[electricity zaps]
[all shouting]
- THAT IS IT!
all: BIG TIME RUSH IS ON STRIKE!
- * MAKE IT COUNT,
PLAY IT STRAIGHT *
* DON'T LOOK BACK,
DON'T HESITATE *
- * WHEN YOU GO BIG TIME
- * WHAT YOU WANT,
WHAT YOU FEEL *
* NEVER QUIT
AND MAKE IT REAL *
- * WHEN YOU ROLL BIG TIME
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
- * HEY, HEY
- * LISTEN TO YOUR HEART NOW
- * DON'T YOU FEEL THE RUSH *
- * UH-OH, UH-OH
* UH-OH, UH-OH
- * OH
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
* WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOT TO LIVE IT BIG TIME *
- WHOO!
WE'LL SHOW GUSTAVO.
- WE'RE ON STRIKE.
- STRIKING BIG-TIME.
- NOW, HOW DO YOU STRIKE?
- LOGAN?
- WELL, FIRST,
WE HAVE TO ELECT A NEGOTIATOR,
SOMEBODY WHO'S WILLING TO ENDURE
HOURS OF AGONIZING NEGOTIATIONS
TRAPPED IN A ROOM WITH GUSTAVO.
- KENDALL!
- WHAT?
FINE. BUT I'M GOING
TO NEED SOME MUSCLE,
SOMEONE I CAN SCARE GUSTAVO WITH
IF NEGOTIATIONS STALL.
CARLOS.
- YES!
- WHAT? CARLOS? HA.
ACCORDING TO THE BENCH PRESS
IN THE GYM,
I'M THE STRONGEST ONE
IN THE GROUP.
- YES, BUT CARLOS
IS UNPREDICTABLE,
AND AS YOU RECALL,
HE TOOK ON THE ENTIRE
EIGHTH GRADE IN MIDDLE SCHOOL.
- IT WAS IMPRESSIVE.
- AH, THANK YOU.
- JAMES AND I
WILL MAN THE PICKET LINES,
MAKE SIGNS, AND CREATE HAVOC
OUTSIDE OF ROCQUE RECORDS.
- [chuckles]
- HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
all: WE'RE STICKING IT
TO THE MAN.
- HEY, I WANT TO STICK IT
- GREAT. YOU'RE IN CHARGE
OF PROVISIONS.
YOU CAN BRING US FOOD, WATER,
AND SUPPLIES TO THE FRONT LINE
WHEN WE NEED IT.
- COOL.
- NOW WHAT DO WE WANT?
- NO MORE SHOCK FLOORS.
- OR SHOCK TOILETS.
- A 30-MINUTE BREAK PER DAY.
- OH, AND MORE RESPECT.
WE WANT OUR SECOND ALBUM
TO BE GREAT
JUST AS MUCH AS HE DOES.
all: SHBINGO!
- THAT'S IT?
I THOUGHT WE WERE STICKING IT
TO THE MAN.
YOU GUYS HOLD
ALL THE CARDS HERE.
all: GO ON.
- GUSTAVO NEEDS SONGS
FOR THE NEW
BIG TIME RUSH ALBUM ASAP,
AND HE CAN'T DO THAT
WITHOUT BIG TIME RUSH.
SO AGAIN...
WHAT DO YOU GUYS WANT?
- AN ICE CREAM SUNDAE BAR.
A PERSONAL HAIR SALON
OPEN 24-7.
A PRIVATE EXOTIC PETTING ZOO.
A STUDIO HOT TUB.
OOH, A BACKUP STUDIO HOT TUB
IN CASE THE FIRST STUDIO HOT TUB
GETS BROKEN.
- SUNDAY BRUNCHES
WITH WAYNE GRETZKY.
AND WHEEL SURGICALLY MOUNTED
ON FEET
WHEN PROCEDURE
BECOMES AVAILABLE.
- THAT ONE WAS MINE.
- MEET THESE DEMANDS AND
GET RID OF YOUR SHOCK SYSTEM,
AND BTR WILL RETURN
TO THE STUDIO
AND BEGIN WORKING
ON OUR SECOND ALBUM.
- HMM.
[electricity zaps]
[both shouting]
- PLAYING HARDBALL, HUH?
WELL, TWO CAN PLAY THAT GAME.
CARLOS...
DO YOUR THING.
- RIGHT.
[whispering]
WAIT, WHAT'S MY THING?
- [whispering]
MUSCLE OF THE OPERATION.
WELL, BREAK HIS MUG TO SCARE HIM
TO PROVE THAT WE'RE SERIOUS.
- [wails]
BUT WE BOUGHT HIM THAT MUG.
IT'S HIS FAVORITE.
[deflated trumpet fanfare]
- LET ME HELP YOU MOVE
THESE NEGOTIATIONS ALONG, OKAY?
[dramatic music]
- NO!
[distant chanting]
- HEY, HEY! HO, HO!
- WHAT IS THAT NOISE?
- [chuckles]
- [wails]
[distant chanting]
- HEY, HEY! HO, HO!
GUSTAVO'S GOT TO GO!
HEY, HEY! HO, HO!
- OH, NO.
- WHAT DO WE WANT?
- AN ICE CREAM SUNDAE BAR!
A PERSONAL HAIR SALON!
A PRIVATE EXOTIC PETTING ZOO!
BRUNCH WITH WAYNE GRETZKY!
A HOT TUB!
A SECOND HOT TUB!
OKAY, YOU KNOW WHAT?
WE NEED A SHORTER CHANT.
- WAIT, HAVE YOU BEEN HOLDING
THAT SIGN THE WHOLE TIME?
- YEAH.
- WHAT DOES THAT
HAVE TO DO WITH STRIKING?
- UM, I'M STRIKING.
AND IF I'M GOING
TO BE HERE ALL DAY,
I WANT TO MAKE GOOD USE
OF MY TIME.
[funky music]
*
- GIVE ME THAT.
USE ONE OF MY SIGNS.
- YOUR SIGN IS BORING.
- IT STATES ALL OF OUR DEMANDS
AND WHY WE FEEL GUSTAVO'S WORK
PRACTICES ARE UNJUST AND UNFAIR.
- YEAH, BORING!
- [huffs]
IT'S NOT BORING!
- WHERE'S KATIE WITH THE FOOD?
- I KNOW, RIGHT?
I'M HUNGRY.
[trumpet fanfare]
YOU'RE STUPID!
- YOU'RE STUPID.
YOU WANT TO GO?
[both shouting]
- MOM, THE GUYS NEED
THEIR SANDWICHES ASAP.
STRIKING IS HARD WORK.
- YEAH, WELL, SO IS BEING A MOM.
AND I HAVE A LOT
OF OTHER THINGS TO DO
BESIDES FEEDING
THE PICKET LINES.
- LIKE WHAT?
[dramatic music]
- I WILL HAVE YOU KNOW
THAT BEING A FULL-TIME MOM
IS ONE OF THE HARDEST JOBS
THERE IS.
YOU HAVE TO BE A CHEF,
HOUSEKEEPER, NURSE, TUTOR,
REFEREE, SEAMSTRESS,
CHAUFFEUR.
SHALL I GO ON?
- MOM, I LOVE YOU.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
BUT COME ON.
IT'S NOT THAT HARD.
- OH, REALLY?
WELL, MAYBE I SHOULD
GO ON STRIKE.
AND THEN MAYBE YOU'D KNOW
HOW HARD I WORK AROUND HERE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK ABOUT THAT?
- [sarcastically]
OOH, I'M SCARED.
- WHAT DO I WANT?
KIDS WHO APPRECIATE
HOW HARD MOMS WORK.
WHEN DO I WANT IT?
NOW!
- WHAT DO I WANT?
KIDS WHO--
- YOU GO, GIRL.
- WHEN DO I WANT IT?
NOW!
- UNBELIEVABLE.
- KIDS WHO APPRECIATE
HOW HARD MOMS WORK!
WHEN DO I WANT IT?
NOW!
WHAT DO I WANT?
KIDS WHO APPRECIATE
HOW HARD MOMS WORK!
WHEN DO I WANT IT?
NOW!
[both shouting]
- [cackles]
PERFECT.
FIGHTING AMONGST THEMSELVES,
THE FIRST SIGN
OF A DYING STRIKE.
[cackles]
- WHY ARE YOU SO HAPPY
ABOUT THIS?
- BECAUSE THE DOGS
WILL EXHAUST THEMSELVES,
REALIZE THEIR STRIKE IS STUPID,
AND THEN COME CRAWLING BACK
TO PAPA BEAR.
- WELL, THEY BETTER CRAWL FAST,
BECAUSE ACCORDING
TO MY SCHEDULE,
GRIFFIN WANTS TO HEAR
THE NEW SONG
FOR THE NEW ALBUM TOMORROW,
AND THERE'S JUST
ONE TINY THING WE'RE MISSING:
THE NEW SONG FOR THE NEW ALBUM.
- THEY STARTED IT!
- YEAH, BUT DID YOU
HAVE TO SHOCK THEM?
- YES!
MAYBE NOT.
FINE.
JUST GET THE DOGS UP HERE
SO WE CAN SETTLE THIS.
- [whispering]
HI, KELLY.
- STOP BEING NICE.
YOU'RE THE MUSCLE.
- BUT I MISS HER,
AND I MISS SINGING.
- YOU CAN'T TELL THEM THAT.
- I TAPED BACK TOGETHER
YOUR DEMANDS,
AND IF BIG TIME RUSH AGREES
TO GET BACK IN THE STUDIO
RIGHT NOW,
I WILL STOP
MOST OF THE SHOCKING.
[loud smack]
OW!
ALL OF THE SHOCKING.
- AND OUR OTHER DEMANDS?
- GUYS, YOUR OTHER DEMANDS
ARE RIDICULOUS.
YOU KNOW WE CAN'T HAVE
A PETTING ZOO IN THE STUDIO.
- [whispering]
THEY SOUND SCARED.
- I AM NOT SCARED OF YOU.
DON'T YOU PUSH IT.
- HERE WE GO.
- GUSTAVO, WE BOTH KNOW
THAT I'M WEARING A TIE.
AND WE ALSO KNOW
THAT GRIFFIN WANTS A NEW SONG
FROM BIG TIME RUSH TOMORROW.
- AND WE'RE BIG TIME RUSH,
WHICH MEANS...
WHERE'S MY HAIR SALON?
- AND I'M GUSTAVO ROCQUE,
WHICH MEANS I CAN HAVE ANYONE
RECORD THE NEW SONG,
WORK MY MAGIC
ON THE SOUND BOARD,
AND JUST TELL GRIFFIN
IT'S YOU DOGS.
- IS THAT A THREAT?
BECAUSE WE
CAN BE THREATENING TOO.
CARLOS, SHOW HIM.
- YEAH.
YOU SEE THIS?
YOU CAN'T HAVE IT BACK
UNTIL YOU'RE NICER TO US.
[deflated trumpet fanfare]
- [sighs]
- YEAH, SUPER TALENTED
TALENT AGENCY?
YEAH, SEND OVER EVERY
HOT SINGING BOY TEEN IN L.A.
TO ROCQUE RECORDS NOW.
- OH, YEAH, GOOD LUCK WITH THAT.
- BECAUSE THEY'LL NEVER
GET PAST OUR PICKET LINE.
- YOU MEAN THE PICKET LINE
THAT'S UP HERE
INSTEAD OF OUT FRONT?
all: YEAH!
[all shouting]
[tires screeching]
- HEY, I BROUGHT YOU GUYS
SOME LUNCH.
I HOPE YOU LIKE MUSTARD, BECAUSE
I MADE MUSTARD SANDWICHES.
- BAD TIMING, KATIE.
WE MIGHT BE UNDER ATTACK.
- I BROUGHT SOME WATER TOO.
[dramatic music]
- IT'S STARTING...
[people shouting]
- I'M FREAKING OUT!
- WE JUST NEED TO MAKE SURE
NO ONE GETS INSIDE.
I MEAN, HOW MANY CAN THERE BE?
- OH, THIS IS GOOD.
[crowd shouting]
- THIS IS BAD!
- THIS IS SO BAD!
[crowd shouting]
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH
- SPLIT UP!
- AH!
- BACK OFF!
I'M NOT AFRAID TO USE IT.
[rock music]
- WAIT!
YOU'RE MISSING THE AUDITIONS
FOR THE NEW TAYLOR LAUTNER
BUDDY COMEDY!
[crowd murmuring]
- WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
FELLAS, FELLAS, FELLAS, HEY!
LET'S NOT FIGHT.
LET'S TALK THIS OUT, HUH?
CARLOS,
WHAT KIND OF MUSCLE ARE YOU?
- HE'S GOT MUSTARD!
- YEAH!
[crowd shouting]
YEAH!
[laughs]
- WHOA! HEY!
- LET'S TALK IT OUT!
- ANOTHER SANDWICH?
[crowd shouting frantically]
[chainsaw buzzing]
all: AND DON'T COME BACK!
- REALLY? THE CHAINSAW?
- IT DOESN'T HAVE A CHAIN ON IT.
[all cheering]
- DARN IT!
DARN IT! DARN IT! DARN IT!
- OKAY, I CAN PROBABLY GET THEM
THE ICE CREAM SUNDAE BAR,
BUT I HAVE NO IDEA
HOW TO GET THEM
BRUNCH WITH WAYNE GRETZKY.
- THEY ARE NOT GETTING ANYTHING!
WE ARE GOING TO WIN THIS STRIKE
AND GET GRIFFIN HIS SONG
BY TOMORROW.
- HOW?
- YOU'LL SEE.
AND IT'S GOING TO BE SHOCKING.
[electricity zaps]
[screams]
- SO WHAT HAPPENS NOW?
- I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT HAPPENS NOW.
GUSTAVO STARTS SWEATING.
"OH, I'M GUSTAVO,
AND I'M SWEATING, DOGS."
- THEN GRIFFIN CALLS.
"HELLO, GUSTAVO,
I'M WEIRD AND RICH,
AND WHERE'S MY NEW SONG?"
- AND THEN GUSTAVO CALLS US UP,
GIVES IN TO ALL OUR DEMANDS,
AND STRIKE OVER.
- STRIKE OVER!
- [laughs]
NOW, ALL WE NEED ARE SANDWICHES
THAT ARE TASTY...
AND NOT TERRIFYING.
- HEY, I MADE THOSE SANDWICHES.
- AND DON'T EVER DO THAT AGAIN.
- OKAY, MOM IS ON STRIKE TOO,
AND, FRANKLY,
SHE IS OVERREACTING
AND OVERSTATING
HER JOB DESCRIPTION.
- WELL, FRANKLY,
MAMA MAKES A GREAT SAMMICH.
NOW GO BACK TO THE PALMWOODS,
JUST ADMIT THAT YOU'RE WRONG,
AND HAVE HER WHIP UP
FOUR TURKEY AND CHEESE
WITH LETTUCE AND MAYO?
- YEP.
- YEAH.
- OOH, AND GRAB
MY NEW WHITE JACKET.
IT'S, UH--IT'S CHILLY.
- FINE.
[cell phone ringing]
- IT'S GUSTAVO.
PROBABLY WANTS TO TALK.
- SOUNDS LIKE SOMEBODY
IS MISSING HIS MUG.
- REALLY?
- [sighs]
MOM, I'M SORRY.
AND WHAT WILL IT TAKE
TO GET YOU TO STOP STRIKING?
- I WILL STOP WHEN YOU ADMIT
THAT A MOM'S JOB
IS JUST AS HARD
AS ANY OTHER JOB IN THE WORLD.
- YOUR JOB IS JUST AS HARD
NOW, WILL YOU
MAKE FOUR SANDWICHES
AND DO A QUICK WASH
ON JAMES' JACKET?
HE'S COLD.
- YOU STILL DON'T BELIEVE ME,
DO YOU?
- MOM, I WANT TO STRESS TO YOU
THAT I LOVE YOU,
BUT WHAT YOU DO
IS NOT ROCKET SCIENCE.
- OH, REALLY?
- YEAH.
- THEN YOU WASH
THE BOYS' CLOTHES.
OH, AND DON'T FORGET TO SEPARATE
THE WHITES FROM THE COLORS
AND THE BRIGHT COLORS.
WASH THE COLORS ON HEAVY SOIL.
BLEACH THE WHITES
ON HOT-COLD HOT,
DO EVERYTHING ELSE
ON COLD-COLD COLD.
OH, EXCEPT FOR JAMES' DELICATES,
THOSE REQUIRE PERMANENT PRESS.
AND ADD STEAM FOR COTTONS,
NO STEAM FOR POLY-COTTON BLENDS.
AND DO NOT WASH ANYTHING RED
WITH ANYTHING ELSE
ON HOT-COLD HOT,
OR THE ENTIRE LOAD
WILL COME OUT PINK.
- ISN'T THERE
JUST A "CLEAN" BUTTON?
- NO.
- SO I ASSUME YOU'VE DECIDED
TO MEET ALL OF YOUR DEMANDS,
AND WE ACCEPT.
- CLOSE.
YOU'RE FIRED!
all: WHAT?
- WHAT?
- YOU CAN'T FIRE US.
WE'RE BIG TIME RUSH.
- YEAH, AND YOU CAN'T MAKE
A SECOND BIG TIME RUSH ALBUM
WITHOUT BIG TIME RUSH.
- WRONG,
BECAUSE I AM BIG TIME RUSH.
I OWN ALL THE SONGS.
I OWN THE STUDIO.
I OWN YOUR LIKENESSES,
AND I CAN MAKE THE ALBUM
WITHOUT YOU.
YOU LOSE. I WIN.
STRIKE OVER.
- UH...
CARLOS, TIME TO FLEX
A LITTLE BIG-TIME MUSCLE.
- YES.
- CHECK IT.
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
GET YOUR MUG BACK.
both: OH!
- I DON'T NEED IT.
I GOT A NEW ONE.
all: AW.
- GUSTAVO,
LET'S TALK ABOUT THIS.
- NO.
THE TIME FOR TALK IS OVER.
YOU GOT GREEDY.
YOU PUSHED ME,
AND NOW YOU GOT FIRED.
- YEAH?
WELL, WE'RE NOT LEAVING.
WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT?
- YEAH.
- I THINK WE SHOULD TRY
SETTING FIVE.
[electrical hum]
- OH, NO.
[electricity zaps]
- I DON'T LIKE--
[crackle]
ZZ-ZZ-SETTING NUMBER FIVE.
- I CAN'T BELIEVE GU--
ZZ-STAVO BEAT US
WHEN WE HAVE ALL THE CARDS.
- AND NOW WE'RE NOT GONNA
BE ABLE TO SING
ON OUR SECOND ALBUM!
[record scratches]
- OH, NOW YOU GET ALL MUSCLEY--
EE-EE?
- YOU KNOW I CAN'T CONTROL IT.
- WE ARE NOT BEATEN YET,
BECAUSE WE HAVE SOMETHING
THAT GUSTAVO DOESN'T.
- HAIR.
- A SOUL.
- HIS COFFEE MUG.
- OUR FANS,
AND THEY WANT US,
NOT...
NOT US.
all: I SMELL PLAN.
- WE ARE GOING TO MAKE A VIDEO,
UPLOAD IT TO THE WEB,
OUR FANS ARE GOING TO SEE IT,
RISE UP,
AND GUSTAVO WILL COME CRAWLING
BACK TO THE NEGOTIATING TABLE.
- A VIDEO? HOW ARE WE
GOING TO MAKE A VIDEO?
GUSTAVO OWNS THE NAME
OF THE BAND
AND ALL OF OUR
PERFORMANCE CLOTHES.
- WE CAN USE OUR OWN CLOTHES.
- YEAH, ABOUT THE CLOTHES...
- AH, ONE MORE SMALL PROBLEM.
GUSTAVO ALSO OWNS
EVERY BIG TIME RUSH SONG.
- NOT EVERY SONG.
- * OH, YOU'RE SUCH A TURD *
* OH, YEAH,
A GIANT TURD *
* AND YOU LOOK LIKE A TURD
* AND YOU SMELL LIKE A TURD
* OH, YOU'RE SUCH A TURD *
* OH, YEAH,
A GIANT TURD *
* AND YOU LOOK LIKE A TURD
* AND YOU SMELL
- * LIKE A TU-URD
- HA.
- YEAH,
WE CANNOT POST THIS VIDEO.
- UGH!
OUR FANS WILL NOT RISE UP.
- YEAH, BUT THEY MAY THROW UP.
- AND THIS JACKET...
AND EVERYTHING IS PINK!
- HEY, BEING A MOM
IS HARD WORK, OKAY?
- WHAT WAS THAT AGAIN?
- I ADMIT IT.
YOUR JOB IS SUPER HARD,
AND WE NEED OUR CHEF, CHAUFFEUR,
SEAMSTRESS, HOUSEKEEPER,
TUTOR, NURSE, REFEREE,
AND LAUNDRY SCIENTIST MOM BACK.
- DEAL.
- YES!
- NOW, IS THERE ANYTHING
I CAN HELP THE PINK BOYS WITH?
- AS A MATTER OF FACT,
HOW GOOD ARE MOMS
AT BEING STRIKE NEGOTIATORS?
- [whispers]
OH, PLEASE.
- WHY DO YOU LOOK LIKE
A TERRIFYING VERSION OF KENDALL?
- BECAUSE I'M GONNA SING
ALL THE GUYS' PARTS ON THE SONG,
AND WITH A LITTLE GUSTAVO ROCQUE
POST-PRODUCTION MAGIC,
GRIFFIN AND EVERY BTR FAN
WILL NEVER KNOW THE DIFFERENCE.
HIT IT!
- * ALREADY KNOW
THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* A SUPERSTAR
* THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
* YOU WANT TO WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* ALL EYES ON YOU
* IT'S GOING DOWN, DOWN
RIGHT NOW *
* AND YOU CAN'T LOSE *
* YOU GONNA WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* THAT'S WHAT YOU DO *
* TALK OF THE TOWN
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* A SUPERSTAR
* THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
- SO HOW WAS THAT?
FINE!
JUST GET THE DOGS DOWN HERE NOW!
all: WE'RE HERE.
- WITH NEW REPRESENTATION.
- IS THAT ONE OF MY HELMETS?
- IN EXCHANGE
FOR THE BOYS ENDING THE STRIKE,
YOU PROMISE
NO MORE SHOCK SYSTEM,
ONE 30-MINUTE BREAK A DAY,
AND GIVE THE BOYS
A LITTLE RESPECT
FOR ALL THE HARD WORK
THEY'VE GIVEN YOU.
- NO MORE SHOCK SYSTEM.
- AH!
- YES!
- THEY CAN HAVE THEIR BREAK.
- BUT NO RESPECT!
[ominous music]
[mug shatters]
[all gasp]
OKAY, THEY CAN HAVE RESPECT.
- MOMS ARE GOOD NEGOTIATORS.
- YEP.
- YEAH.
- SO...WE HAVE A DEAL?
- WHAT, NO CONTRACT?
- LIKE IT OR NOT, GUSTAVO,
WE ARE A FAMILY,
AND THERE ARE NO CONTRACTS
NEEDED BETWEEN FAMILY.
all: THE STRIKE IS OVER!
- WHICH MEANS
WE NEED TO GET BACK TO WORK,
SO GET IN THE BOOTH
SO WE CAN GET STARTED
ON OUR SECOND ALBUM.
[all cheering]
all: * A SUPERSTAR
* THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* A SUPERSTAR
- * OH, NO
* IT'S ON TONIGHT *
* AND HERE WE GO, OH
- * TO THE BEGINNING
OF THIS CRAZY NIGHT *
* SO, BABY, WE CAN
LET IT GO, GO, GO *
* HEY
- * YOU'RE SHINING LIKE A STAR *
* I WANT TO BE
WHERE YOU ARE, ARE *
both: * OH, NO,
OH, NO *
- * LET'S TAKE OVER THIS CLUB *
* YOU'RE SHINING BRIGHT
IN THE DARK, DARK *
* YOU LIGHT UP THE NIGHT
all: * YOU WANT TO WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* ALL EYES ON YOU
* IT'S GOING DOWN, DOWN
RIGHT NOW *
* YOU CAN'T LOSE *
* YOU WANT TO WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* THAT'S WHAT YOU DO *
* TALK OF THE TOWN NOW
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* A SUPERSTAR
* THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
- * FORGET THE MOON
* IGNORE THE SKY
* 'CAUSE THE WHOLE WORLD
IS ALL YOURS TONIGHT *
* GET IT, GIRL
* IT'S YOUR TIME *
* SHINE UNTIL
THE MORNING LIGHT *
- * A SUPERSTAR
all: * YOU WANT TO WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* ALL EYES ON YOU
* IT'S GOING DOWN, DOWN
RIGHT NOW *
* YOU CAN'T LOSE *
* YOU WANT TO WILD OUT,
THEN WILD OUT *
* THAT'S WHAT YOU DO *
* TALK OF THE TOWN
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* A SUPERSTAR
* THAT YOU'RE A STAR *
* AND YOU ALREADY KNOW
[upbeat electronic music]
- YEAH, BRAVO!
[applause]
THE SONG SOUNDS GREAT, FELLAS,
AND YOUR SECOND ALBUM
IS GOING TO BE EVEN BIGGER
THAN YOUR FIRST.
- WHOO!
- BUT I ALSO WANT THIS ALBUM
OUT FASTER THAN YOUR FIRST,
SO GET YOUR LITTLE SUPERSTARS
BACK INTO THE STUDIO
AND RECORD ME
ANOTHER BIG-TIME HIT.
- UM, GRIFFIN, IT'S BEEN A LONG
COUPLE OF DAYS FOR US HERE,
AND WE PROMISED THE BOYS
A 30-MINUTE BREAK, SO...
- AND I SAY NO BREAKS,
BECAUSE I OWN ALL OF YOU,
AND I'M NOT LEAVING THIS COUCH
UNTIL I GET MY NEXT SONG.
- OH, PLAYING HARDBALL, HUH?
- YES, I LOVE PLAYING HARDBALL,
SO COME ON.
GIVE ME EVERYTHING YOU GOT.
- OKAY.
A LITTLE HELP FROM MY DOGS.
[electricity zaps]
- WHOA!
- * AH, AH, AH-AH, OH
- OKAY, LET'S TAKE A BREAK.
[all cheering]
Captioning by CaptionMax
www.captionmax.com
- * GOT TO GO BIG TIME
- * MAKE IT WORK,
GET IT RIGHT *
* CHANGE THE WORLD OVERNIGHT
- * GOT TO DREAM BIG TIME
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
- * HEY, HEY
- * GIVE IT ALL YOU GOT NOW
- * ISN'T IT A RUSH *
- * OH-OH, OH-OH
* OH-OH, OH-OH
- * GO AND SHAKE IT UP
* WHATCHA GOTTA LOSE
* GO AND MAKE YOUR LUCK
WITH THE LIFE YOU CHOOSE *
* IF YOU WANT IT ALL,
LAY IT ON THE LINE *
* IT'S THE ONLY LIFE YOU GOT
SO YOU GOTTA LIVE IT BIG TIME *